get your man
time yourself
and we're from Canada Transcom we're
here it's player key introduce yourself
my name is Tom Araya
and I'm the lead singer bass player for
Slayer when was the last time you laugh
so hard you cry okay what are the issues
I have is that I'm supposed to wear
hearing aids so I don't hear very well
okay so you're gonna have to speak up
okay hey when was the last time you
laughed so hard you cried I cried cuz
I'm sad and I'm here I can't remember
the last time I left you know when you
hang out with people like this on the
road and stuff it's really hard isn't it
it's hard to find a moment of laughter
do you have any family holiday
traditions traditions you know what with
what I do do only tradition I try to
keep is to make sure that I'm home for
the holidays that's a tradition and to
make sure that we're all together during
the holiday season that's important for
me
I try to do that it's not easy but I try
if you had to change your band's name
but could only change it to achieve your
show or movie what would your band
called yeah that's a good question I've
never really given it a thought
I don't either change the band name I
don't I man is the good you stumped me I
know I don't know I've never really
given that thought so I'm sorry I don't
have an answer for you what was your
what was your the half the question it
has to be a TV show or a TV show yeah oh
I can't I can't discuss that with you
revealed if you gruesome I'm in a horror
movies and stuff so I have my family
we've I guess we could be a modern-day
Addams Family yeah that's that would be
my family
we have skulls and stuff and bloody
things on the walls how often do the
parents of the kids not good your kids
school asking for autographs
Oh believe it or not we we took her kids
out of out of school because of issues
they had an issue with my son wearing
skull t-shirts all the time and they had
an issue with me my wife had tattoos and
stuff so we didn't want our kids to grow
up in that kind of environment so we
homeschool
which is something that I'm glad we did
because it keeps us together longer burn
today and and we can teach them how to
be good people and not rely on people
that we have no control over
so they homeschool down
but their stir kids they hit it and I
mean all I gotta do is get up and do
work and date that I guess you're just
kids right you like going to school yeah
see mike is the same way that I didn't
want to go to school even if it's
homeschooling yeah I like middle school
but L reggie's I like elementary school
but now that was cool
are you more afraid of going to the
doctor the dentist
oh wow both both especially if I'm hurt
my teeth are hurtin
I wanna go Dennis you know I have
tattoos and stuff but that's painful
and then the doctor - could you yo
everybody's afraid to go doctor because
you don't want to find out there's a
little Romani if you don't go you're
okay when you're a kid and looks looking
from mere who were you pretending to be
the books it again when you were a kid
and loved singing in front of the mirror
who were you pretending to be Oh believe
it not I did do that
but I had broken my hand I played a
broom I wasn't really pretending to be
anybody but I sang to Beatles songs
because I grew up listening to the
Beatles so that I'm a big fan of theirs
but I would sing and play play the broom
and that's a Beatles song don't you do
that what'd you do
sometimes that's fun that's fun to do
that if somebody made a movie about your
life what would it be called and who
would play you Wow I would
but would it be called oh yeah you know
a long time ago
it was a cartoon you guys might remember
this cartoon I can't remember the name
of the cartoon but one of the characters
on it was called Babu he put that felix
the cat that kind of back in those the
character called babu and he would go we
would go Babu and he put a hole in his
things and walk on through and my sister
would make nickname me that because I
could I yell so loud so if they I would
do that I would be a movie called
Babu you know the life and times of a
screamer
was there any music that scared you when
you were my age
uh Wow you know the movie that I think
was really the creepiest that I guess I
saw that would Creek now was was The
Exorcist
when it first came out that really
creeped yeah I wasn't trying to hold up
us I'm all well I'm probably older than
these guys right here
you mean that thing so good I think I am
but the Exorcist because it's really
creepy one because the movies are kind
of based on an actual event
those to me are scary because to think
that things are that really happen I
sing it right about stuff like that
but it to know that it can it has
happened it's kind of scary and finally
can you name all the Spice Girls no I
can't
there's I'll try ginger spice
and then there's Scary Spice I don't
know what kind of spice that is here
here's curious place album
I think that's it I don't know I have no
idea what the other teams are but the
only one that caught my interest was
scary spice because what kind of spice
is that you know is it salty bitter
thank you thank you thank you